	- Hex Bear -
A community and token developed by Ben Kraun ( Hex.exe: legendary Hex holder ) , for hex bears. Creating volatility for maximum potential through community led buy and burns. Aimed at aggressive expansion. Determined to form one of the largest groups of products and projects ever assembled under one currency.

The Hex Bear community and team is the best product to come out of Hex Bear. The Hex Bear community and team are devoted to constant evolution and development for all things good in crypto.

- Where Hex Bear came from -
Bears have always been shunned and censored for their bearish speech for wanting the best price for the best appreciating assets in the world. Hex Bears in particular were silenced in the great plummet of 2021. Our bearish 1st Amendment rights could not be exercised as stated in the founder's tweet of 2020.
Solution - HexBear.io
Ben Kraun (legendary Hex holder) struck out on his own to discover a new place, free from persecution and censorship. In this new place, he created a token with a supply representing the most sacred and loyal number 5555. He then created products and places to gather for everyone. Everything was cheap and abundant.

Gathering the best parts of DeFi development under one roof to support constant growth is the main focus of Hex Bear. Making education a necessary part of the Hex Bear community and incentivizing good work will expand it's user base faster than any community ever formed.

Tokenomics
- No Sacrifice - Deflationary - Trustless - Immutable -
- Product of HexBear - A fork of battle-tested, bug free and successful Erc 20 tokens -
- First and most liquid pair - Hxb/Hex -
The supply minted in the beginnning will be the only supply.

Hex Bear is deflationary and will only become more scarce as the team and community burn the supply. Without pressure of inflation and other externalities, Hex Bear can thrive in bear markets and outperform in bull markets.

The available supply was intitially provided to the exchange of Uniswap V1 being that it was the cheapest pair to create at the time. All interested Hex holders were able to buy and sell the token as they please.

2,648,991,840 Hex Bear has been sent to the Hex.com contract address and will be in this address forever.

Uniswap V2/V3 pools were established with very low liquidity to give early purchasers a good price.

The first and most liquid pair appears to be the HXB/HEX pair. Swaps made on uniswap will route through Hex before HXB, displaying Hex on the autorouter for marketing as well as boosting the Hex price from new buyers who don't own Hex.

The CA (creator address) held % 9.4 until an opportune time to move them. This address minted the initial supply and will never mint any more Hex Bear.

Decentralized and Team/Community buy and burns are what make Hex Bear so scarce. A group of addresses called "Bear Wallets" will accumulate tokens from community and team additions only. The most important and first wallets are #1 and #2. These addresses will act in the best manner for the community and token.

BEAR ADDRESS #1 0x8DD06364F6A94586Cdd96A5Ab7B4E62910C1948E

The bear address #1 posted, will start a 15 year stake at 25,000 Hex which will be aquired through community additions. This first stake and all other stakes in this address will strategically mint Hedron for buy and burns. Any other Hex sent to this address will accumulate until the address decides to stake. If Hex is worth more to Hex Bear holders in value than the Hedron that can be minted, it will not mint Hedron through hex stakes. All tokens or assets sent to this address will be controlled by this address and this address only.
BEAR ADDRESS #2 Not yet released

Bear wallet #2 will function a lot like the #1 address. The main difference is that this address will be controlled by the community through a decentralized voting contract. The community will operate every function of the stakes except for the mint and buy and burn functions. Only %50 of the inflation earned on stakes in this address will be used to buy and burn HXB. Effectively holding up the Hex price and Hex Bear price.
Roadmap
Hex Bear's moto is "to be in a constant state of building and development". Future addresses that hold assets from the greater whole of crypto will be accumulated under the control of the Hex Bear community to encourage adoption in Hex and everything good in crypto as a whole. The Hex Bear community will be the most educated on all projects in crypto so that the rest of the world can learn and grow with the support of the entire community and team. Hex Bear will build products not only for Hex, but for every good crypto that deserves it's time in the spotlight.

Additional audits of existing and future contracts will be performed

PulseChain
All Hex Bear holders that have the token prior to PulseChain launch, will receive their tokens on PC when it launches. All addresses and plans will be copied and developed on pulsechain just the same as Ethereum.

The whitepaper and road map will be updated after the launch of PulseChain

Community contributions to the bear #1
Heart's Stake'n Apes Genesis Collection Hexier Bear

ceo of mandingo swap donated the first hex to the bear #1, which was used to provide liquidity after the great dump of 500 million Hex Bear.

unsuspecting Hex haters who buy Hexbear out of spite will unknowingly pump Hex in the process
